Add Power Platform Connector instructions (#45)
github/awesome-copilot: instructions/power-platform-connector-instructions.md

---
title: Power Platform Connectors Schema Development Instructions

> description: |
>   Comprehensive development guidelines for Power Platform Custom Connectors using JSON Schema definitions.
>   Covers API definitions (Swagger 2.0), API properties, and settings configuration with Microsoft extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Comprehensive development guidelines for Power Platform Custom Connectors using JSON Schema definitions. Covers API definitions (Swagger 2.0), API properties, and settings configuration with Microsoft extensions.'
```

Multi-line breaks the readme
